Minutes of Discussion of use case and requirements of Hybrid Function Chain Sidemeeting
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Participants: 
Chuanyang Miao,Xinxin Yi,Daniel King,Quan Xiong,Daniel Huang,Quan Xiong, Diego Lopez,
Xiaoqiu Zhang, Feng Yang, Ran Chen, Huakai Fu, Xueyan Song, Yongshen Liu, Weiqiang Chen, Lei Zhou,
Shiji Wang, Xue Miao,Lucas, Greg Mirsky

The agenda and notes are shown as below.

1,Note well, welcome statements, introduction and agenda bash. 5mins

2, HFC use cases and requirements discussion (State-Of-The-Art and Framework), Chuanyang Miao, ZTE, 10mins

3, A Task Segmentation Framework for Computing-Aware Traffic Steering, Bo Ma, ZJGSU, 10mins

4, Application-Level Computing Power Network for Stateless Computing Services, Shiji Wang, China Unicom,10mins

5, Open Issues Discussion, 25min

Discussion mins:

[Quan] Is the HFC architecture a centralized or a distributed architecture? What's the difference between multiple
service instances. Could it have multiple connections between service instance. 

[Chuanyang] Yes, currently HFC has a centrialized control plane which collect information of distributed service sites with
multiple service intances. Those service instances have the same functions. HFC also provides different connection mode such
one-to-one, one-to-many and many-to-many. 

[Bo] Is the micro functions designe for users or the suppliers? Is it fixed or can be dynamically changed according to service.
Can it be a new model for new functions?

[Chuanyang] Those functions are currently fixed but service instances can be dynamically changed. If there is a new function in
the chain, that is another chain. 

[xueyan] How to understand the relationship between computeing resource and tasks?

[bo] give a LLM trainning example for dividing big model into small pieces. Computer and network resource should be understood
by controller and then put test into the best location. 

[xueyan] seems provide a new use case to CATS. Any comments from CATS working group?

[bo] received on comments from Jone one year ago. For the computing power allocation, it's not efficient to use computing power
grained. Network it fix and can not be controlled to march a flexiable strategy. 

[xueyan] Is there any new part to enhance the network architecture?

[bo] We don't propose a new hardware. It's a logic function. CPB and C-TEA provides task sgmentation and execution for data and
follow the dependency. 

[chuanyang] For L7 computing routing machanism, how to resolve the problem of getting the encryped information from L7 layer
payload, which may contains the computing power request. 

[shiji] There has a semantic routing system. The L7 encrpted information will be terminated and decrpyed at the edge computing gateway. That
gateway will then extract information from it. Then the gateway will re-encryped those request by matching the network policies and
foward it to the back-end instance. Use can only see the gateway address and not aware the actual service instances deployment.

[Chuanyang] The gateway should have the decryption capability and may have a contract with service layer. It's a common problem for
HFC as well. We should alwary take it into account.

[Chuanyang] HFC is different from SFC is the date will be processed and transferred at each service site, with different data mode.
Therefore the HFC orchistrator should be implemented in service layer (service mesh), not in network layer. 

[Denial] The LLM use case is not like we have right now. LLM now has a large scale data center and if we put lots of composite metrics
on it, the time will be taken at the LLM endpoint and it to long, will break model trainning. The media use case is quite intersting.
It's similiar to object-based media in UK. But the difference it the blend multiple media assets with large scale deployments in real 
time will need on-path computation. It need a chain to provide in part of competition. That's not included in the current CATS framework.
It's worth to have a discussion now. CATS can be used to identify the availablity of computing resource and network performance.

Next step:

1) Find a use case with multiple customers that want to deploy the discussed type of view space.

2) Show what existing IETF technology is applicable and clearly highlight where the gaps are.

3) Identify in part capable compute nodes and chain them together based on cloud and network metrics.
